%<*internal>
\begingroup
  \def\nameoflatex{LaTeX2e}
\expandafter\endgroup\ifx\nameoflatexe\fmtname\else
\csname fi\endcsname
%</internal>
%<*install>
\input docstrip.tex
\nopreamble
\keepsilent
\askforoverwritefalse
\nopostamble
\generate{
  \file{test.bst}{\from{gbt7714.dtx}{npr,2015,numerical}}
  \file{test.bib}{\from{\jobname.dtx}{bib}}
}
\endbatchfile
%</install>
%<*internal>
\fi
%</internal>
%<*driver>
\ProvidesFile{\jobname.dtx}
%</driver>
% \fi
%
%    \begin{macrocode}
%<*bib>
@article{weizhiyong2006,
  author       = {魏志勇 and 臧黎慧 and 范我 and others},
  journal      = {核技术},
  year         = {2006},
  volume       = {29},
  number       = {9},
  pages        = {713},
  translation  = {WEI Zhiyong, ZANG Lihui, FAN Wo, \textit{et al}. Nuclear Techniques, 2006, \textbf{29}(9): 713.}
}

@article{chendongfeng2005,
  author       = {陈东风 and 勾成 and 叶春堂 and others},
  journal      = {核技术},
  year         = {2005},
  volume       = {28},
  number       = {2},
  pages        = {127},
  translation  = {CHEN Dongfeng, GOU Cheng, YE Chuntang, \textit{et al}. Nuclear Techniques, 2005, \textbf{28}(2): 127.}
}

@article{oed2004,
  author       = {Oed, A},
  journal      = {Nucl Instr Meth A},
  year         = {2004},
  volume       = {525},
  number       = {1-2},
  pages        = {62},
}

@article{rhodes1997,
  author       = {Rhodes, N J and Wardle, A G and Boram, A J and others},
  journal      = {Nucl Instr Meth A},
  year         = {1997},
  volume       = {392},
  number       = {1-3},
  pages        = {315},
}

@article{crow2004,
  author       = {Crow, M L and Hodges, J P and Cooper, R G},
  journal      = {Nucl Instr Meth A},
  year         = {2004},
  volume       = {529},
  number       = {1-3},
  pages        = {287},
}

@online{misc,
  url          = {http://www.detectors.saint-gobain.com/default.aspx},
}

@book{philips1987,
  title        = {Philips Data Handbook for Electron Tubes T9},
  year         = {1987},
}

@article{chishaopeng2003,
  author       = {迟少鹏 and 夏小米 and 周莉 and others},
  journal      = {高能物理与核物理},
  year         = {2003},
  volume       = {27},
  number       = {3},
  pages        = {257},
  translation  = {CHI Shaopeng, XIA Xiaomi, ZHOU Li, et al. High Energy Physics and Nuclear Physics. 2003, 27(3): 257.}
}

@article{wangxiaolian2003,
  author       = {汪晓莲 and 许咨宗 and 侯云珍 and others},
  journal      = {高能物理与核物理},
  year         = {2003},
  volume       = {27},
  number       = {3},
  pages        = {257},
  translation  = {WANG Xiaolian, XU Zizong, HOU Yunzhen, et al. High Energy Physics and Nuclear Physics. 1997, 21(9): 787.}
}

@article{sackett1993,
  author       = {Sackett, D and Ieki, K and Galonsky A and others},
  journal      = {Physical Review C},
  year         = {1993},
  volume       = {48},
  number       = {1},
  pages        = {118},
}

@article{zecher1997,
  author       = {Sackett, D and Ieki, K and Galonsky A and others},
  journal      = {Nucl Instr Meth A},
  year         = {1997},
  volume       = {401},
  number       = {2-3},
  pages        = {329},
}

@article{xuemengchi2009,
  author       = {薛梦驰},
  journal      = {电信科学},
  year         = {2009},
  volume       = {7},
  pages        = {57},
  translation  = {XUE Mengchi. Telecommunication Science. 2009, 7: 57.}
}

@article{tangjunjie2013,
  author       = {唐军杰 and 王拓 and 张强 and others},
  journal      = {发光学报},
  year         = {2013},
  volume       = {34},
  number       = {1},
  pages        = {78},
  translation  = {TANG Junjie, WANG Tuo, ZHANG Qiang, et al. Chin J Lumi, 2013, 34(1): 78.}
}

@article{wuchong2013,
  author       = {WU, Chong and TANG, Bin and SUN, Zhijia and others},
  journal      = {Radiation Measurements},
  year         = {2013},
  volume       = {58},
  number       = {11},
  pages        = {128},
}
%</bib>
%    \end{macrocode}
\endinput
